 


Page No: 1 
 Instructions for Adding Your Logo & Address to AAO-HNSF Patient Handouts
CO-BRANDING AAO-HNSF PATIENT HANDOUTS IS AS EASY AS 1-2-3!
1 Download & Save Patient Handout 2 Upload Your Logo & Address 3 You’re Ready to Print!
 Download the patient handout Your image must be saved as a .pdf fle!   Save your fle. 
You will need Adobe Acrobat Reader.  For additional information on how to   Make sure to save your fle before you close 
You can install it for free here:   save your logo/address as a .pdf fle,  the document to ensure your logo and/
get.adobe.com/reader please see the instructions below. or address will be there the next time you 
open up the document.
 Save it to your computer You will not be able to upload your personal 
Remember where you save it; you will  information to the patient handout if the fle    You are now ready to print!
need to access it in the following steps. is not saved in the .pdf format.
Example of a co-branded Patient Handout:
 Open the saved patient handout document 
 Click in the white space at the bottom of 
the page. 
 Within the Select Icon window,  
Browse to the .pdf fle you would  
like to Insert and then click, OK.
The logo and/or address fle will resize 
appropriately for the box.
 Type your web address in the blue  
rectangle below the white image feld.
Click in this white space to upload your logo
Click in this blue area to type your web address
CONVERT YOUR LOGO TO .PDF
Open a new Microsoft Word document. 
Remember where you save it; you will need to access it when uploading your logo/address to the Patient Handout.
Insert Your Image Resize Your Image Add Text Next to Your Image
 Click the location in your Word document  To include contact information next to your  Following these instructions will allow you to 
where you want to insert your image. logo, you may need to resize your image. add multiple lines of text to the right of your 
image. Please see the example below.
 Click the Insert tab, click Pictures. 
 Click on the image you want to resize.
 Browse to the image you want to insert, 
 To increase or decrease the size of the   Click on the image.
select it, and then click Insert. logo, d
rag the sizing handle away from or   Click the Pictures Tools or Drawing Tools 
Your image will most likely be your logo. towards the center.  Format tab. 
 If your image contains all of the  To maintain the proportions, press and   Under the Arrange group, click Wrap Text.
information you would like to include, you  hold Shift while you drag the sizing handle.
 Choose the Square style of wrapping.
are ready to export/save as a .pdf. 
 Add your text.
Export/Save As .PDF from Microsoft Word Example of a logo and address to be uploaded to the 
co-branded Patient Handouts:
Once your image contains all of the information you would like to include in the image feld 
of your co-branded Patient Handout, you’re ready to save as a .pdf!
From the File ... [Truncated - Unlicensed UniDoc - Get a license on https://unidoc.io]